what's up guys video game guru here with
a Skyrim achievement guide this is for
hard worker which requires you to cut
wood cook food and mine or we're gonna
start off with cutting wood here you're
gonna want to go to River wood and head
to the back of the mill and there will
be a woodcutter's axe on the table now
you can now go over in this direction
here to the left of where you picked up
the X and there will be a wood chopping
block next to these piles of wood look I
think I just said wood look five times
anyway so you just have to chop one chop
two however many you want I think you
get a little bit of money for this
overall and firewood although it doesn't
really matter a whole lot and here we're
gonna go to cook food
I'm in Whiterun dragons reach castle and
I'm you can see the yawl right there
head to the kitchen here on the left and
you can write the kitchen nothing counts
as stolen and just kind of take
everything that's in it all the meat and
there's vegetables and fruit here and
then like around the side there's spices
and all stuff that you actually need as
well one of the easiest things to make
is horse launch you can just get the
salt that is coming up right here right
there and horse launch and you can make
that or you can just make as much as you
want and have free food easy health oh
you have quite a bit of takes up quite a
bit of space in your sack so anyway next
one is mining ore which is either
difficult or easy depending on how much
foot travel you do if you travel on foot
quite a bit or go anywhere near
mountains like up the throat of the
world you're definitely going to come
across them or it'll yo keen tell
because it's kind of a different color
than the rock around it I just walked
around and walked around some rivers
until I saw some ore veins along the
side and for that you need a pickaxe now
I can't say exactly where to find one
but you
well I can guarantee you will come by
one in your travels whether by looking
at the stores or picking it off of
people
so there's your achievement thanks for
watching rate comment subscribe and I'll
see you guys later